dongbei_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
dongbei_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
xibei_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
xibei_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
huabei_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
huabei_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
huadong_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
huadong_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
huanan_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
huanan_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
huaxi_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
huaxi_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
beijing_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
beijing_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
shanghai_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
shanghai_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
tianjin_valid_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error
tianjin_weights.hdf5 model is generate in 20170511 maybe error


dongbei_valid model csi is two small, recent average is 0.181 and this time is 0.11
huaxi_valid model csi is two small, recent average is 0.266 and this time is 0.04
huabei_valid model csi is two small, recent average is 0.267 and this time is 0.13
huadong_valid model csi is two small, recent average is 0.147 and this time is 0.09
beijing_valid model csi is two small, recent average is 0.220 and this time is 0.14
huanan_valid model csi is two small, recent average is 0.059 and this time is 0.03


